ENG-12957: Add section for S3 File Browser configuration (#7)
cyral-quickstart/quickstart-sidecar-helm: docs/s3-browser.md

#### Enable the S3 File Browser

To configure the sidecar to work on the S3 File Browser, set the following extra parameters under the service key of your values file:

```
service:
  dnsName: "<CNAME>" # ex: "sidecar.custom-domain.com"
  loadBalancer:
    tlsPorts: [443]
    certificateId: "arn:aws:acm:<REGION>:<AWS_ACCOUNT>:certificate/<CERTIFICATE_ID>"
```

> For the helm template, there is no equivalent to the terraform’s
> `sidecar_dns_hosted_zone_id` variable. It means the CNAME will need to
> be created after the deployment. See [Add a CNAME or A record for the
> sidecar](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/manage/alias).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CNAME provided in `service.dnsName` must be created
after the deployment pointing to the sidecar load balancer.
See [Add a CNAME or A record for the sidecar](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/manage/alias).
```
